https://chatgpt.com/share/67e7ebc1-0494-8011-8860-845d65127314

Dear genz or gen AI students , 

Guidance . 
From my stydying time I think to get top rank in every exam or any thing . but while implementing i got failed because i did not get guidance 
its started since 10 th class . 
i had my own plans and thoughts but not discussed with others , since i am very introvert . 
I have fear on everything . High  confidence on self but i will get fear easily .

 so after after 



Btech not exposed to IT life everything seems new here . 

In btech always self descisions not participating in events made my communication weak 


I wanted to become expert  everything .  at a time . But it will take time understood later . 
After Btech 


youtuber . 
Editor 
Software Engineer , -
UI UX designer 
Perfect gym friek 
badmingon 
traveller 

in detail for each category 

YouTuber- 

  - editor a lot of effort to deliver good result . 




Sofware engineer

    Software Industry itself a vast 
    disccued it with a guy from accordian . He dont like coding .  
    I dont have any idea at startting so took apna college course . They have structured teaching . 

    this course is for people who are just started sde career  and includes projects also . 
    anyhow we need to read documentaions for every research . 

    I have used rapido and uber But  I like ubers Interface 

    UI UX designer - Uber

        

Gym - lot of patience motiviation discipline workout diet 

badminton quick reflex , powerful smashed smart moves 

traverller discover new places . 




I will buy all black things Mo will scold for them ,  i AM BLACK iN COLOR 

I am very weak at expressing my feelings in communications . 





I have tbs of harddisk now . But lost some of them in childhood 



i love memories a lot 


Thanks akshayakalpa - trusting this  since a year never stopped , never dissapointed ...  visited farm also .  

Thanks Uday - for geetting  me in corporate world 
Thanks ashok leadership close observations 
Thanks cult for bringing all fitness an cunducting all fitness activities 


